Update the producation-offline-deployment-using-tiup.md (#3209)
pingcap/docs: production-offline-deployment-using-tiup.md

## Step 1: Prepare the TiUP offline component package

### Option 1: Download the official TiUP offline component package

> Download the prepared offline install package at [Official Download Page](https://pingcap.com/download)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the prepared TiUP offline package from the [Download TiDB](https://pingcap.com/download) page.
```

### Option 2: Manually pack an offline component package using `tiup mirror clone`

The steps are below.

> - Download the TiUP pacakge manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the TiUP package manager online.
```

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell

> tar xzvf tidb-community-server-${version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz &&

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
tar xzvf tidb-community-server-${version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz
```
